# Mix Task (Advanced)

## Generate client config

The hubic mix task makes requests to the Hubic Api on the user's behalf to get details 
such as the referesh token and then generates a configuration which can copied and pasted into `config.exs`.

The environment variables generated by the task are automatically save to a `.env` file. It is best to ensure that this file is outside
version control.

**Shell Input:**

```shell
mix ovh \
--login=<username-ovh> \
--password=<password> \
--appdescription='Ovh Application for my app' \
--endpoint='ovh-eu' \
--apiversion='1.0' \
--redirecturi='http://localhost:4000/' \
--accessrules='get-[/*]::put-[/me,/cdn]::post-[/me,/cdn]::delete-[]' \
--appname='my_app'
--clientname='OvhClient'
```

- `login`: username/nic_handle for logging into OVH services. *Note*: must include `-ovh` at the end of the string.
- `password`: password for logging into OVH services.
- `appname`: this should correspond to the `otp_app` name in the elixir application. It also doubles as the application name 
for the application in the OVH servers.
- `clientname`:" This is the elixir client name. defaults to `ExOvh` when the appname is exactly equal to `ex_ovh`, otherwise defaults to `OvhClient`. `clientname` corresponds to the name of the client. So for example, if appname is `'my_app'` and clientname is
  `'Client'` then the config file will be `config :my_app, MyApp.Client`. Also, the client in application code can be referred
  to as `MyApp.Client.function_name`.
- `appdescription`: A description for the application saved to OVH.
- `endpoint`: OVH endpoint to be used. May vary depending on the OVH service. See `ExOvh.Defaults`.
- `apiversion`: version of the api to use. Only one version available currently.
- `redirecturi`: redirect url for oauth authentication. Should be https.
- `accessrules`: restrictions can be added to the access rules. In this example, `get` requests to all endpoints are allowed,
  `put` and `post` requests to `/me` and `/cdn` and `delete` requests are forbidden.

  
**Shell Output:**


```elixir
config :my_app, MyApp.OvhClient,
    ovh: [
      application_key: System.get_env("MY_APP_OVH_CLIENT_APPLICATION_KEY"),
      application_secret: System.get_env("MY_APP_OVH_CLIENT_APPLICATION_SECRET"),
      consumer_key: System.get_env("MY_APP_OVH_CLIENT_CONSUMER_KEY"),
      endpoint: "ovh-eu",
      api_version: "1.0"
    ]
```


Terms explained:

- `MY_APP_OVH_CLIENT_APPLICATION_KEY`: The system environment variable name for the application key.
- `MY_APP_OVH_CLIENT_APPLICATION_SECRET`: The system environment variable name for the application secret.
- `MY_APP_OVH_CLIENT_CONSUMER_KEY`: The system environment variable name for the consumer key.


- Copy the configuration outputted by the commandline to `config.exs`.


- The enviroment variables are saved to a file called `.env` automatically by the mix task.
**Do not add the `.env` file to version control.** Add the variables to the system environment
by running the command or some other commands as appropriate to the deployment method.

```shell
source .env
```